“They are no part of the world.”
—John 17:16.
“We must remain neutral
in order to be loyal subjects of God’s Kingdom.
“Otherwise,
how could we have a clean conscience
“when we preach the good news
“that only God’s Kingdom
can solve mankind’s problems?
“. . . As Satan’s system nears its end,
we can expect the issue of neutrality
to become more prominent.”
OK, people, we’re ready to go.
Dawn, Jordan,
can I get you to grab the blinds please?
In your work groups this week,
you’ll outline the policies
you feel world governments should implement.
Remember, it’s young people like you,
each of you, who must take action
to solve the problems that threaten our planet.
When war comes,
they’ll look for you and me to do the fighting.
Will you speak up and tell them,
‘No, no, we won’t?’
But I’m more worried about the elections,
especially for your generation.
I mean, who do you think is going to win?
Uhm, well, we believe that—
uhm . . .
That’s actually a very interesting question.
And as Jehovah’s Witnesses,
we believe that it’s God’s Kingdom
that’s going to bring about all the solutions
that we need for all of our problems.
For example, . . .
That’s £7.50, please.
Thank you.
Hello, how can I help you?
But you know, this new government policy
—I really think it’s going to work.
You’re crazy.
With their policies,
we’ll be bankrupt within three years.
But if it works, though,
it’s going to make people rich.
Those who are rich already.
No, I’m fed up.
They say the same thing.
We’ve invited a panel of experts
to explore these issues,
namely, can the opposition party win?
Will they keep their promises
to lower-income people?
And what changes could we expect
on required military service?
You’ll want to hear the answers.
Let’s begin by speaking to John McGarthy,
the minister of education.
If put to the test,
I do want to take my stand for Jehovah.
But the outcome
of all these things can affect me now
—my family, my goals.
How can I stay neutral, even in my heart?
John 17:14:
“I have given your word to them,
but the world has hated them,
“because they are no part of the world,
“just as I am no part of the world.
“I do not request
that you take them out of the world,
“but that you watch over them
because of the wicked one.
“They are no part of the world,
just as I am no part of the world.
“Sanctify them by means of the truth;
your word is truth.
“Just as you sent me into the world,
“I also sent them into the world.
“And I am sanctifying myself in their behalf,
so that they also
may be sanctified by means of truth.”
No part of the world,
like Jesus,
both in thought and action.
Sure, but in our lifetime?
Yes! And I have found something
that has helped me to be sure of this.
Can I share it with you?
It’s here at Matthew 24:33.
Jesus said: “Likewise also you,
when you see all these things,
know that he is near at the doors.”